Amendments to BigQuery Loader v2 to reflect Q4 2024 updates (#1142)
snowplow/documentation: docs/api-reference/loaders-storage-targets/bigquery-loader/upgrade-guides/2-0-0-upgrade-guide/index.md

:::

### Enable legacy mode for the old table format

> We realize that migrating to the new table format might be inconvenient for some Snowplow users.  It is possible to run the 2.0.0 loader can in legacy mode, so it loads self-describing events and entities using the old column names of the 1.x loader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify migration to the new table format, it is possible to run the 2.x loader in legacy mode, so it loads self-describing events and entities using the old column names of the 1.x loader.
```
